Add Liveness and Readiness probes to Mirror Maker (#1888)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/appendix_crds.adoc

[options="header"]
|====
|Property               |Description
|replicas        1.2+<.<|The number of pods in the `Deployment`.
|integer
|image           1.2+<.<|The docker image for the pods.
|string

> |whitelist       1.2+<.<|List of topics which are included for mirroring. This option allows any regular expression using Java-style regular expressions. Mirroring two topics named A and B can be achieved by using the whitelist `'A\|B'`. Or, as a special case, you can mirror all topics using the whitelist '*'. Multiple regular expressions separated by commas can be specified as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|whitelist       1.2+<.<|List of topics which are included for mirroring. This option allows any regular expression using Java-style regular expressions. Mirroring two topics named A and B can be achieved by using the whitelist `'A\|B'`. Or, as a special case, you can mirror all topics using the whitelist `*`. Multiple regular expressions separated by commas can be specified as well.
```

|string
|consumer        1.2+<.<|Configuration of source cluster.
|xref:type-KafkaMirrorMakerConsumerSpec-{context}[`KafkaMirrorMakerConsumerSpec`]
|producer        1.2+<.<|Configuration of target cluster.
|xref:type-KafkaMirrorMakerProducerSpec-{context}[`KafkaMirrorMakerProducerSpec`]
|resources       1.2+<.<|Resource constraints (limits and requests).
|xref:type-ResourceRequirements-{context}[`ResourceRequirements`]

> |affinity        1.2+<.<|*The property `affinity` has been deprecated. This feature should now be configured at path `spec.template.pod.affinity`.* The pod's affinity rules.See external documentation of https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.11/#affinity-v1-core[core/v1 affinity].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|affinity        1.2+<.<|*The property `affinity` has been deprecated. This feature should now be configured at path `spec.template.pod.affinity`.* The pod's affinity rules. See external documentation of https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.11/#affinity-v1-core[core/v1 affinity].
```

|https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.11/#affinity-v1-core[Affinity]

> |tolerations     1.2+<.<|*The property `tolerations` has been deprecated. This feature should now be configured at path `spec.template.pod.tolerations`.* The pod's tolerations.See external documentation of https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.11/#toleration-v1-core[core/v1 toleration].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|tolerations     1.2+<.<|*The property `tolerations` has been deprecated. This feature should now be configured at path `spec.template.pod.tolerations`.* The pod's tolerations. See external documentation of https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.11/#toleration-v1-core[core/v1 toleration].
```

|https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.11/#toleration-v1-core[Toleration] array
|jvmOptions      1.2+<.<|JVM Options for pods.
|xref:type-JvmOptions-{context}[`JvmOptions`]

> |logging         1.2+<.<|Logging configuration for Mirror Maker. The type depends on the value of the `logging.type` property within the given object, which must be one of [inline, external].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|logging         1.2+<.<|Logging configuration for Mirror Maker. The type depends on the value of the `logging.type` property within the given object, which must be `inline` or `external`.
```

|xref:type-InlineLogging-{context}[`InlineLogging`], xref:type-ExternalLogging-{context}[`ExternalLogging`]
|metrics         1.2+<.<|The Prometheus JMX Exporter configuration. See {JMXExporter} for details of the structure of this configuration.
|map

> |template        1.2+<.<|Template for Kafka Mirror Maker resources. The template allows users to specify how is the `Deployment` and `Pods` generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|template        1.2+<.<|Template to specify how Kafka Mirror Maker resources, `Deployment` and `Pods`, are generated.
```

|xref:type-KafkaMirrorMakerTemplate-{context}[`KafkaMirrorMakerTemplate`]
|livenessProbe   1.2+<.<|Pod liveness checking.
|xref:type-Probe-{context}[`Probe`]
|readinessProbe  1.2+<.<|Pod readiness checking.
|xref:type-Probe-{context}[`Probe`]

> |version         1.2+<.<|The Kafka Mirror Maker version. Defaults to {DefaultKafkaVersion}. Consult the user documentation to understand the process required to upgrade or downgrade the version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|version         1.2+<.<|The Kafka Mirror Maker version. Defaults to {DefaultKafkaVersion}. Consult the Mirror Maker documentation to understand the process required to upgrade or downgrade the version.
```
